feat: Add support for Artifact Hub (#2185)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/resolver.md

pipelinesascode.tekton.dev/pipeline: "./tasks/pipeline.yaml
```

### Hub Support for Pipelines

```yaml
pipelinesascode.tekton.dev/pipeline: "buildpacks"
```

> By default, this syntax will install the pipeline from Artifact Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this example will resolve the pipeline from Artifact Hub.
```
